
(*OB*Delete sticky notes by clicking 
the “x” in the upper right corner.
(Try with this one.)*OB*)




My New Book

ididi
(*OB*Change author, book title etc. under the
“Document” menu → “Document Properties” 
              → “Front Matter”*OB*)The Book:
This is the description of your book for your front matter. Edit this in the "Book & Author" dialog ( "Document" menu -> "Document Properties").
The Reference variable for using this text is "DOC_BOOK_DESCRIPTION".






The Author:




Runes of Aetheria

The Upcoming Bestseller

by

Jackson Null




Papyrus Author, Inc. - Virginia Beach







1. Edition, 2019
© 2019  All rights reserved.

Papyrus Author, Inc. - Virginia Beach





Table of Contents

Chapter 1	1
Chapter 2: A New Journey	17
Chapter 3: Into the Faeorn Forest	34
Chapter 1
	In the land of Aetheria exists many creeds of magical and non-magical beings. In the western region of Arcanum, you may find mages, sorcerers, practitioners of the dark arts, and a wide variety of magnificent beasts. If you dare to venture to the eastern, sloped mountains of the Netherbane Provence, you will find yourself at risk of harm from a variety of bandits, assassins, and bloodthirsty monsters amidst the treacherous domain of the mountains themselves. Choosing to travel to the northern region of the continent, affectionately known as the Faeorn Forests, you will discover quite a few different species of beasts who may or may not intend to do you harm. There are legends of a tribe in the Faeorn with immense interconnectivity with the natural forces in Aetheria that are said to be able to tame the most evil and dangerous of beasts across the continent. However, these legends came about many eons ago and these Faeorn beast tamers have not been spotted since. If you choose to journey to the south of Aetheria, you will want to bring a warm winter coat as temperatures are known to drop well below 0 degrees as the region has been under permafrost for the last few thousand years. The people of the Glacier Peak Tundra are widely respected by the inhabitants of Aetheria for their incredible survivability, toughness, and overall strengths. The people of this region, unlike all other regions, do not practice a particular skill nor do they possess any magical abilities, as in order to simply inhabit this land you must be well-equipped to not only deal with the extreme temperatures, but also the dangerous beasts that exist deep within the borders of the tundra. Finally, in the center of Aetheria, you will find a massive lake with one soul island situated in the center. The central island is also the capitol hub of the continent controlling everything from commerce to the rights of creatures to the trial and imprisonment of the continents most dangerous criminals. While there are many interesting stories and intriguing characters in the land of Aetheria, our story will follow the journey of a young mage, born into poverty and darkness, as he searches for freedom from the evil that surrounds him. 
You see, growing up in Umbracrest, the largest civilization in the western region of Arcanum, you have two options, be incredibly poor or incredibly wealthy. Our young mage, Lirien, was non-consentually opted into the former like many families in Umbracrest. His parents, whom he only knew for but a few short years after his birth, were slain ruthlessly by a family of assassins from the Netherbane region out east, leaving him helpless and abandoned. He lives in squalor in one of the many grossly under-resourced group homes in the city similarly to many of the town’s population with not a penny to his name.
From a young age, all mages are assigned a class of magic ability which they will study from the day they gain consciousness to the day they die. Mages in Aetheria are born with a natural gift in one of the four elemental magics: fire, earth, water, or air. 
Wealthy families in Umbracrest descend from royal air mage bloodlines, considered the most powerful of the elemental mages. The air mages can swiftly extinguish fire attacks, separate water attacks, and float above earth mages with ease due to their agility and speed. In Umbracrest, air mages live in wealth, while other elemental mages live in poverty.
 Lirien lay in bed, staring up at the ceiling of the group home’s dormitory. He had always felt out of place, but tonight the feeling was especially strong. As he lay there, he thought about how different his life was from that of the other kids at his school. They all seemed to know exactly who they were and what they wanted to do with their lives. They were all part of a class of mages, and they knew what their magical abilities were.
But Lirien had no such luck. He had been tested by many mage elders in Umbracrest, but none of them could identify what type of mage he was. Since Lirien’s parents had died when he was a baby, and he had no knowledge of his ancestry, he was constantly bullied and harassed by his peers, who mocked him for not knowing which class, if any, he fell into.
The next day, Lirien headed to school. As he walked through the halls, he could feel the eyes of his classmates on him. He could hear the whispers and snickers as he passed by. He felt like an object of ridicule, and it made him angry.
As he entered the classroom, he saw that everyone was already seated. He looked around and saw that there were no empty seats. He felt a pang of anxiety in his chest. He didn’t want to be late and draw even more attention to himself. He walked towards the front of the class where the teacher was standing and asked if there were any empty seats.
The teacher looked up from her desk and shook her head. “I’m sorry, Lirien,” she said. “All the seats are taken.”
Lirien felt his heart sink. He didn’t want to stand for the whole class. He could feel the eyes of his classmates on him, waiting to see what he would do.
He stood there for a moment, feeling completely lost. He had always felt like an outsider, and now he was being forced to stand in front of everyone like a fool.
Suddenly, the door to the classroom opened, and Erevan walked in. Erevan was the leader of the group home where Lirien lived. He had taken Lirien under his wing when he was just a baby, and he had become a father figure to the young boy.
Erevan walked up to Lirien and put a hand on his shoulder. “Is everything okay, son?” he asked.
Lirien felt a sense of relief flood through him. Erevan was the only person he felt truly comfortable around. He looked up at Erevan and nodded.
Erevan looked around the classroom and then turned back to Lirien. “Come with me,” he said.
Lirien followed Erevan out of the classroom and down the hall. He could feel the eyes of his classmates on him, but he didn’t care. He was just glad to be out of there.
Erevan led him to the school’s library, a quiet place where Lirien often went to escape from the taunts and jeers of his peers.
“Sit down,” Erevan said,
Erevan shook his head, the bangles on his wrist jingling softly. “Listen kid, I know you’ve been struggling quite a bit recently with not knowing what type of magic you possess. Unfortunately, the decision is not yours nor mine to make, Lirien. You are of mage ancestry, you’ll find your path soon enough. Besides, there are far worse things to be in life than a non-mage.”
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right. I just want to feel the sense of community all the other kids feel and be able to start studying my magic now. What if I get left behind? What if the other kids use their magic to pick on me and I can’t defend myself?” Lirien understood that Erevan was only trying to comfort him, but he couldn’t help but feel disappointed. He had hoped that Erevan, with his vast knowledge of magic, being a fire mage himself, would be able to help him find out more about his lineage. But it seemed that he was no closer to learning about his magical abilities than he had been before.
“Lirien, no matter what happens, if anyone- and I mean ANYONE- tries to harm you in any way,” Erevan stated with an intense stare, like fire in his eyes, “I’ll show them what a true mage’s powers are and make sure they NEVER mess with you again. You’ll find your way son, we’ll make sure of it.”
Lirien greatly appreciated the lengths Erevan was willing to go to in order to ensure his safety. While he still felt distant from realizing a personal identity, he always knew he could seek safety with Erevan even in the absence of his own powers.
“Let’s get out of here, kid. You can take today off to ease your mind and try and relax a bit, okay? But tomorrow you better get your ass up on time for school so you’re not late again, alright? That sound good?” Erevan said encouragingly to the youngster. 
“Alright,” Lirien chuckled, “Sounds good to me.”
“Great, well I’ve got to run to the butcher to get some beef for dinner tonight, you good to head home on your own for now?” Erevan asked.
“I may be small but I’m still quick!” Lirien exclaimed while making darting motions with his body and throwing air punches. 
“Haha, alright alright.” Erevan laughed while the young boy attempted to show off his “combat skills”. “Well, make sure you’re ready for dinner at 6pm sharp alright? I’ll see you then and we can talk more.” He said as they parted ways.
 “6pm sharp! Got it.” He responded as he turned to leave the building, holding his hand in the air to wave goodbye to Erevan.
Lirien walked back towards the group home, the streets of the rundown city feeling even more desolate than before. Beggars lined the side of the street, holding out their hands in desperation. Despite the poverty, the city was alive with the sounds of performers doing tricks with their elemental magic. A man juggled fireballs, while another created water streams that twirled and flowed like a dance. Lirien even spotted someone manipulating the earth, causing rocks to levitate and form intricate patterns.
As he continued down the street, Lirien noticed a group of children gathered around a small fire, their faces filled with wonder as they watched a performer manipulate the flames. It reminded him of his own childhood, of the moments of joy and wonder he had experienced before everything had fallen apart. After seeing these poor mages using magic so freely in the streets, his mind was racing. Despite Erevan’s comforting words, he knew that his lack of magical abilities made him an outcast in Umbracrest, and he longed to be able to prove himself to his peers. But without knowing his bloodline, he was left with no choice but to watch as his classmates advanced in their studies while he remained stagnant.
He tried to focus on the comforting thought of returning to the group home, to Erevan and the other children who had become like family to him. But as he neared the building, he noticed a group of older boys standing outside, smoking and laughing raucously.
Lirien’s heart sank. He knew that this group of boys had been harassing him and the other children at the group home for weeks, and he had hoped to avoid them. But as he tried to slip past them unnoticed, one of the boys stepped forward and blocked his path.
“Well, well, well, look who it is,” the boy sneered, his breath hot on Lirien’s face. “The little orphan boy who can’t do magic.”
Lirien tried to step back, but the boy and his cronies closed in around him, pushing him back against the wall of the building.
“Did you hear that, boys?” the boy called out to his friends. “This little runt thinks he can just walk past us like we’re not even here.”
The other boys laughed, and Lirien felt a cold pit forming in his stomach. He knew that these boys were capable of doing some serious damage, and he had no way to defend himself.
The young bully cupped his hands by his side and began to charge a puny, yet still damaging, ball of fire, preparing to attack Lirien. But just as the boy was about to strike him, a voice called out from behind them.
“Hey! Leave him alone!”
The group of boys turned around to see Erevan standing in the doorway of the group home, his arms crossed over his chest.
“What’s going on here?” he demanded.
The ringleader of the group of boys sneered. “None of your business, old man. Just trying to teach this little runt some manners.”
Erevan’s face darkened. “I suggest you and your friends leave, before I make you.”
Erevan stepped forward with a menacing air. The temperature seemed to rise around him as if he was channeling the power of the sun, and a flicker of fire appeared in his eyes, illuminating his face with a fierce intensity. The boys hesitated for a moment, but as they saw the raw power emanating from Erevan, they quickly backed away with looks of terror on their faces. But as soon as Erevan took a step forward, they scattered, disappearing down the street as Erevan yelled after them, “And never come back here or I can finish teaching you that lesson!”
Lirien let out a breath he didn’t know he had been holding. “Thank you, Erevan.”
Erevan walked over and put a hand on Lirien’s shoulder, still hot with the firey aura that had scared off the bullies. “Are you all right?”
Lirien nodded. “Yeah, I’m fine. I just wish they would leave us alone.”
Erevan’s expression softened. “I know, Lirien. But you have to remember that you are stronger than they are. You have something that they can never take away from you.”
Lirien looked up at Erevan quizzically. “What’s that?”
Erevan smiled. “You have a heart full of love and kindness, my boy. And that is more powerful than any magic.”
Lirien rolled his eyes, “Yeah you may be right but it sure would be nice to have that AND magical powers don’t you think? How’d you get here just in time anyways? I thought you were headed to the butcher?”
“When you become a father, you’ll understand how instinctual it is to know when your kid is endangering himself. Besides, you’re always getting yourself in trouble anyways, it could really have been a random bet to follow you home and have an opportunity to keep you out of trouble, eh?” Erevan responded. Lirien bowed his head and begrudgingly nodded in agreement.
As they walked into the group home, Lirien couldn’t help but feel grateful for Erevan. He had been there for him since he first arrived at the group home, and had always been a constant source of comfort and support. But even with Erevan’s words of encouragement, Lirien still couldn’t shake the feeling of inadequacy that had settled in his chest.
“Well, thanks again for saving my ass back there. I think I’m gonna call it an early night and try to get some good sleep for school tomorrow.” Lirien said tiredly.
“Alright son,” Erevan replied, “Just remember, I love ya kid and those kids won’t mess with you again, not if they value having their limbs intact.”
“Night.” they said to each other as Lirien made his way to his bunk in one of the group bedrooms in the home.
That night, as Lirien lay in bed, he made a decision. He would work hard, he would study and learn everything he could about magic, even if he couldn’t practice it himself. He would prove to himself, and to the rest of Umbracrest, that he was more than just the “little orphan boy who can’t do magic.”
The next day, while Lirien was sitting alone in the school’s library, he stumbled upon an old, tattered book. Its pages were filled with stories of powerful mages who had come from nothing, rising up to become legends. Lirien was entranced by the tales, his heart swelling with hope.
Maybe he too could become a great mage, one whose name would be spoken with reverence throughout the land of Aetheria. He was enthralled by the book, reading every page, absorbing the knowledge and power that the mages possessed.
Lirien threw himself into his studies with newfound determination. He poured over books, asking questions, and seeking out anyone who would teach him. He was determined to be the best that he could be, and to prove to everyone that he was just as worthy as those with magic in their veins.
As the weeks and months went by, Lirien’s hard work and determination began to pay off. He became known as one of the brightest and most knowledgeable students in his class, and the bullies who had once tormented him now looked to him for answers. Despite still not having any sort of magical ability, he was recognized as an up and coming expert in rune studies as well as a prodigy of not one, but all elemental techniques. Though his efforts were fruitless, he began to find his purpose. He hoped that one day he would finally discover what kind of power he possessed and that his work up until this point, as well as going forward, wouldn’t be in vain and that he could become the powerful mage he always dreamt of becoming.
And so, Lirien continued to study and hone his skills, always striving to be the best he could be. He would enamor himself with images in books of the techniques the most powerful mages had used to conquer entire races of people. Though he was uncertain he would be able to use these techniques and abilities in the future, he never let the lack of magical abilities define him, and instead used it as motivation to become well-rounded and knowledgeable in the field of magic. Regardless of all the progress he had made up until this point, Lirien grew aware of the fact that despite all the knowledge he had gained within the city of Umbracrest, his journey of education in the arts of magic needed something more. 
One day, whilst continuing his studies in the library he had spent so much time in, Lirien remembered that when he was younger, Erevan would tell him tales of an ancient tribe in the Faeorn Forest.
“The legends of the wild beast tamers from the Faeorn Forest were tales passed down from generation to generation and were popular among the people of the realm.” Erevan would say, as if he knew the impact a story like this would have on a young mage, regardless of magical ability.
“According to the legend, the wild beast tamers were a group of individuals who lived deep within the Faeorn Forest. They were said to possess an unparalleled bond with the creatures of the forest, and were able to tame even the most ferocious beasts with ease. The tamers would use their abilities to protect the forest and maintain balance among the various species that lived within it. The wild beast tamers were depicted as powerful and wise individuals, who had mastered the art of runic magic to such a degree that they could communicate with the beasts and control their movements. They were said to possess a deep understanding of the natural world and the forces that govern it, and were revered as protectors of the Faeorn Forest.”
Lirien would listen to these stories with wide-eyed wonder, imagining himself as one of these powerful tamers, taming wild beasts and defending the forest. Erevan would always end the stories with a warning, reminding Lirien that the wild beast tamers were a legend and that their powers were not to be taken lightly. Nevertheless, these tales remained with Lirien throughout his journey, fueling his love for magic and his desire to learn all that he could about the art.
As he recalled these stories, a spark ignited within Lirien, and he felt a deep-rooted desire to understand the source of their power. He had an understanding that maybe, just maybe, if these beast tamers understood the natural forces that govern Aetheria, he might just have a shot at uncovering the abilities he so desperately wanted. He had always been fascinated by magic, but the idea of a magic that allowed someone to control wild beasts was beyond his wildest dreams. He felt a connection to these tamers and the magic they possessed, and he began to daydream about meeting them and learning their secrets.
Lirien ran back home as fast as his legs would take him, his mind racing with anticipation. As he ran through the streets of Umbracrest, Lirien’s thoughts were consumed with the stories Erevan had told him when he was younger about the beast tamers. Lirien had always been fascinated by these stories, and now, after all his studies, he felt as though he was finally in a position to seek out the truth for himself.
As he burst through the door to Erevans study, he could barely contain his excitement for the journey he was about to embark on. Once Erevan noticed the look on Lirien’s face, he had an odd feeling that he knew what was coming next. 
“Lirien,” Erevan said, noticing the look of determination in his young friend’s eyes. “What’s on your mind?”
He took a deep breath and began, “Erevan, I have to go on a journey. I need to find the legendary beast tamers from the Faeorn Forest you told me about when I was a kid.”
Erevan raised an eyebrow in surprise. “Why do you want to do that?”
“I’ve been feeling something inside of me,” Lirien explained. “I have to understand where they draw their power from and uncover the secret behind the forces that govern Aetheria. I believe it will help me find the way to unlock my own abilities.”
Erevan smiled knowingly. “I understand, Lirien. The quest to discover one’s true potential is not an easy one, but I have faith that you will find what you are looking for.”
“Thank you, Erevan,” Lirien said, a newfound sense of confidence in his voice. “I know this will not be easy, but I must try. I need to find the answers I’ve been searching for.”
And with that, Lirien’s journey to discover the secrets of the wild beast tamers and the power they wielded began.


Chapter 2: A New Journey
	Lirien’s journey to the Faeorn forest in the north began with a lot of preparation and research. He spent countless hours back at the library, poring over maps, historical records, and accounts from other travelers who had ventured into the forest before him. He made sure he was equipped with the best gear and supplies necessary for a journey of this magnitude. Since he was only 12 and realistically could only carry a sack of some sort and a few miscellaneous items, he only packed what he needed.	Lirien made sure to pack the essentials for his journey. In his small, sturdy backpack, he carried a change of clothes, a bedroll for sleeping, a small cooking pot and utensils, a flint and steel for starting fires, and a water skin filled with fresh water. He also brought along a map of the Faeorn forest and the surrounding areas, a small journal to document his travels and discoveries, and a pouch filled with coins for any supplies or food he may need to purchase along the way.
 Before he left, Erevan presented Lirien with a small, intricately crafted blade that fit comfortably in his hand. The handle was made of polished wood, and the blade was made of a shimmering silver metal. The blade was only about six inches long, but it was curved, making it perfect for slicing through brush or for defensive purposes. The weapon had been passed down from Erevan’s ancestors and was considered an heirloom in their family.
 This weapon was of great ancestral significance to Erevan and held great sentimental value to him. It was created by his ancestors and was used to protect themselves on their own journeys and adventures. Erevan believed that this weapon would bring good luck and protection to Lirien on his own journey and wanted to pass it down to him as a symbol of his family’s love and support for him. Erevan told Lirien that he was proud of him for embarking on this journey and wanted him to have the best chance of success. He hoped that the weapon would bring Lirien the same luck and protection that it brought his ancestors, and that he would return home safely with the knowledge he sought.
Finally, the day arrived when Lirien felt he was as ready as he could be for his journey. He said goodbye to Erevan, who wished him well on his journey, and set out towards the north. The trip was to be long and arduous, but Lirien was filled with excitement and determination to reach his destination and discover the secrets of the wild beast tamers.
Lirien stood outside of Umbracrest’s city walls, his small backpack slung over his shoulder. The road ahead of him stretched out, winding its way north towards the Faeorn forest. He took a deep breath, feeling a mixture of nerves and excitement wash over him. This was it, he was finally embarking on the journey he had been dreaming of.
The sun was just starting to dip below the horizon, casting long shadows over the road. As he made his way through the countryside, Lirien couldn’t help but feel a sense of awe. The rolling hills were dotted with wildflowers, and the occasional rustling in the bushes hinted at the presence of small woodland creatures.
Despite his nerves, Lirien couldn’t help but feel a sense of excitement. He had always felt like he was meant for something greater, and this journey was his chance to finally discover his true purpose. The road ahead was long and uncertain, but he was determined to find what he was looking for.
As he walked, the sky grew darker, and Lirien soon found himself walking beneath a blanket of stars. The quiet of the night was only broken by the occasional hoot of an owl or the rustling of leaves in the wind. Despite being alone, Lirien felt a sense of peace wash over him. This was just the beginning of his journey, and he was ready for whatever lay ahead.
As Lirien continued on his journey, he grew tired and searched for a place to set up camp for the night. He eventually found a small clearing surrounded by tall trees and soft, lush grass. He set up his bedroll and tried to get comfortable, but his mind was filled with excitement and anticipation for what lay ahead. Despite his exhaustion, sleep was slow to come.
However, just as he was starting to doze off, he was jolted awake by a loud rustling sound. He sat up quickly, heart racing, and listened intently, trying to figure out what could have made the noise. The rustling grew louder and closer, and Lirien’s heart began to pound in his chest. He reached for the heirloom weapon Erevan had given him, and waited, tense and ready for anything. The rustling grew closer and closer, until finally, a small, furry creature popped its head out from behind a bush. It was a curious, wide-eyed squirrel, chattering away in its own language. Lirien laughed at himself for being so frightened and lay back down, finally able to relax and drift off into a peaceful sleep.
Lirien was jolted awake as he felt blood quickly rushing to his head. He quickly realized that he was hanging upside down and immediately tried to find a way to escape. Panic set in as he looked around and noticed that he was surrounded by leaves and the branches of trees. But as he looked down, he saw his backpack lying on the ground below him.
However, his fear quickly turned to relief as he remembered the knife that Erevan had given him was still secure at his waist. Lirien took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. He knew that panicking would only make things worse. Instead, he decided to try and assess the situation.
As he looked up, he saw the culprit of his current predicament - a giant spider beast. The creature was huge, with a body the size of a small horse and eight long legs that were covered in bristly hair. Lirien’s heart was pounding in his chest as he took in the sight of the creature, but he knew that he had to stay calm and find a way to escape.
He began to think about his options, trying to figure out the best way to get out of this predicament. But before he could come up with a plan, the spider beast began to move towards him, its large eyes fixed on Lirien. Lirien’s heart was in his throat as he prepared himself for the worst. But to his surprise, the beast didn’t attack. Instead, it simply stared at him for a moment, then turned and scurried away, leaving Lirien hanging upside down in its wake.
He realized that he had been too careless and hadn’t taken the necessary precautions to protect himself while he slept. He had made the mistake of sleeping in a clearing without any form of camouflage or cover, and it had almost cost him his life.
Lirien took a deep breath and focused on cutting himself free from the spider’s web. He worked quickly and efficiently, using the knife that Erevan had given him as a gift. As he cut himself free, he couldn’t help but think about how lucky he was to have such a valuable tool at his disposal.
Once he was free, Lirien took a moment to reflect on the situation. He realized that he needed to be more cautious and prepared if he was going to survive his journey to the Faeorn forest. He made a mental note to always be on the lookout for potential danger and to always be prepared for anything that might come his way.
Lirien walked away from the clearing with a sense of relief, feeling grateful to be free from the giant spider’s web. Contemplating ways he could avoid this situation in the future. He thought he was in the clear, but as he walked further down the path in the forest, he heard a low rumble that made him stop in his tracks. The sound grew louder and Lirien’s heart raced as he realized what was coming towards him. He could feel the ground beneath his feet vibrating with the force of their footsteps.
Causing him to stumble back as the low rumble grew louder, his heart racing with fear. He frantically looked around, searching for an escape route, when he saw them. A horde of young spider beasts, each the size of a large dog, were crawling out from the underbrush, their multiple legs and sharp fangs sending shivers down Lirien’s spine. He had a sickening realization that he was no longer just being watched, but now he was being hunted. He had been spared by the giant spider beast’s mother, only to be fed to her offspring. Lirien’s survival instincts kicked in, and he started to run, dodging past trees and leaping over fallen logs. 
The army of spider beasts followed, closing in on him with alarming speed. Lirien’s mind raced with thoughts of his journey and his determination to discover the secrets of Aetheria, but now all he could think about was survival. He couldn’t let his journey end here, not at the fangs of a pack of spider beasts.
In a panic, Lirien searched for a place to hide, and quickly spotted a small body of water nearby. Without a second thought, he jumped into the water and submerged himself, trying to hide his scent from the beasts and avoid being seen. The water was murky and Lirien could feel the mud and plants at the bottom of the stream, but he held his breath and remained still, hoping that the beasts would pass him by. As his heart pounded in his chest, he tried his very best to conceal himself from the threat. He was filled with a sense of dread, knowing that he had no idea what kind of creatures may lurk in the depths below. The murky water and the sounds of splashing from the spider beasts above only made his nerves worse. As he floated in the water, he couldn’t help but feel as though he was placing himself in a dangerous situation, with the possibility of drowning or being killed by something underwater. Despite these fears, Lirien remained still, trying to stay as quiet as possible and hoping that his ploy would work and the beasts would lose his scent and move on.
 After what felt like an eternity, Lirien cautiously emerged from the water, relief washing over him as he saw that the young beasts had moved on. He took a deep breath and continued on his journey, grateful for the chance to escape and vowing to be more cautious in the future. 
Lirien was no longer the naive young man he was when he left Umbracrest, filled with excitement and dreams of adventure. As he climbed out of the murky water, his heart pounding, he was struck by the realization of just how dangerous this journey was going to be. He was no longer surrounded by the safety of the walls of his home, but instead realized he had thrown himself into a wild and unpredictable world. He was faced with a new sense of respect for the creatures that inhabited this land and the world he was journeying through. Until this point, he had only known the comfort of Umbracrest and had never ventured beyond its borders. But now, he understood that he was truly on his own and that survival would depend on his instincts and the knowledge he gained along the way. He knew that he needed to be careful, to stay alert, and to never let his guard down, for danger could be lurking around every corner.
As he continued on his quest, Lirien couldn’t help but reflect on the close call with the spider beasts. He had always had a deep respect for the beast tamers and their ability to control and live peacefully with the creatures of the land. And now, more than ever, he was determined to find them and understand their ways. He made a vow to himself that no matter the situation, life or death, he would never harm a living creature and would always do everything in his power to escape rather than cause harm. To find the fabled tribe, he knew he needed to prove himself worthy by embracing the same principles they held dear.
As Lirien continued on his journey, he learned from his experience with the spider beasts and became more cautious about where he slept at night. He found better ways to disguise himself, such as sleeping in trees, high up in the canopy, secured only by a rope that he had found attached to an old dock on his journey.
Every night, Lirien documented his journey in a journal. He wrote about the creatures he encountered, the different berries and plants he found to eat, and the unique landscapes he encountered. Despite the weariness that came from walking for hours each day, Lirien never lost his drive to learn about his origins. 
Lirien was amazed by the beauty and complexity of the world he was traveling through. Being that he had never ventured beyond the borders of Umbracrest, so this journey was a true awakening for him. 
As Lirien journeyed further towards the Faeorn forest, he was in awe of the beauty that surrounded him. The landscape was a complex tapestry of lush greenery and diverse flora, with towering trees that reached for the sky and sprouted out in every direction. The sunlight that filtered through the dense canopy overhead was dappled and danced across the forest floor. The air was heavy with the sweet scent of flowers and the musky scent of earth. The rustling of leaves and the chirping of creatures could be heard in the background, a symphony of the forest’s life. Lirien marveled at the complexity of this world, with its delicate balance of life and death. It was as if he was walking through a dream, and he couldn’t help but feel a sense of wonder and awe at the majesty of the world around him.
As Lirien settled into his makeshift campsite for the night, he took a deep breath and let out a sigh. His journey had been long and arduous, and he was exhausted both physically and mentally. He retrieved his water skin from his backpack and took a long sip, savoring the cool, refreshing liquid as it flowed down his throat. With a sense of contentment, he untied the rope he had secured around his waist and tied it around a sturdy tree instead, making sure it was secure.
Lirien’s thoughts were heavy with introspection as he lay down, looking up at the stars twinkling above him through a gap in the canopy. He couldn’t help but feel a sense of longing for the familiar comforts of home and his family. Despite the difficulties he had faced growing up in Umbracrest, he now had a newfound appreciation for the love and security they provided. At the same time, he was filled with a mixture of excitement and fear at the thought of what lay ahead in the Faeorn forest. He knew that the dangers he would face in the coming days would be like nothing he had ever experienced before.
As he closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, Lirien made a silent vow to himself that he would face each challenge with bravery and determination, and that he would not let the dangers of the Faeorn forest stop him from discovering the truth about his past. Despite his nerves and the unknown, he felt a strong sense of purpose and was eager to see what lay ahead.
The next morning, Lirien woke up feeling refreshed and reenergized for his journey. As he rubbed the sleep from his eyes and opened them, he felt as if he was being watched. He couldn’t shake the feeling that eyes were upon him, far more than what would be considered normal in the wilderness. He rubbed his eyes again and sat up, looking around, but he saw nothing out of the ordinary. The forest was just as peaceful as the night before, but the feeling of being watched persisted. He shrugged it off and gathered his belongings, taking a deep breath and tying himself to the tree before he began his journey towards the Faeorn forest. Despite the eerie feeling that was haunting him, he was ready to continue his quest to find the fabled tribe.
As Lirien walked down the path towards the Faeorn forest, he couldn’t help but think about the lack of control he had over magic. He had learned so much about magic from Erevan and from his own studies, but still felt like he was only just scratching the surface of its true potential. Lirien’s thoughts were consumed by the mystery of magic and why he was unable to control it like others could. He had heard rumors of people who were born with a natural affinity for magic, and those who were not. He couldn’t help but wonder if he was one of the latter.
Lirien felt like he was walking towards the unknown, and that both excited and scared him. The forest was shrouded in mystery, with rumors of dangerous creatures and untold secrets. Lirien was determined to find answers, but at the same time, he knew that he was venturing into unknown territory and that there was always a chance that he might not make it out alive.
As he walked, Lirien’s thoughts turned to the fear that he might never find what he was looking for. He couldn’t help but feel lost and unsure of the path he was on. Despite these fears, Lirien was determined to keep going, to uncover the secrets that lay within the Faeorn forest and to find out whom he truly was. He knew that this journey would be the defining moment of his life, and he was determined to make the most of it.
As Lirien continued down the path, he finds himself staring in awe at the massive lake that lies in the center of the continent of Aetheria. Lake Luminor. The vast body of water stretches out as far as the eye can see, with the sun reflecting off its surface in brilliant sparkles. Lirien had heard of this lake before, but he never truly comprehended its size until he saw it with his own eyes. The sight is breathtaking, and Lirien can’t help but stand there, mesmerized by its beauty.
In the distance, Lirien can make out the massive trees of the Faeorn forest, their leaves rustling gently in the breeze. The sight of the forest fills him with both excitement and trepidation. This is where his journey is leading him, to the heart of the Faeorn forest.
On his right, Lirien gaped in amazement at the sight before him. He had never seen anything like it before. The faint outline of a large island in the center of the massive lake was visible from where he stood. It was filled with towering sky-scrapers, planes flying above, twinkling lights, and large boats floating outside the city in the water. Lirien had heard about the island capitol city of Aetherspire, but he never could have imagined just how grand it was until he saw it with his own eyes. He felt a mixture of awe and nervousness at the sight. It was so unlike anything he had ever encountered before, and he couldn’t help but wonder how much it must cost to live in a place like that. 
Across the water, he spotted a small run-down tavern at the edge of the Faeorn forest. The tavern appeared tiny in comparison to the towering 300ft tall trees that stood behind it. Lirien decided to take a break and rest there, hoping to gather any information he could about the forest from the locals. He was curious to learn about the dangers and wonders that lay ahead of him in the mysterious Faeorn forest. As he approached the tavern, he noticed a wooden sign swinging back and forth in the wind, indicating that the establishment was still in business. The sound of clanging glasses and muffled laughter could be heard coming from the tavern, and Lirien took that as a good sign.  He was excited to finally have a chance to gather information and possibly make some new allies, but at the same time, he was wary of the unknown. He had heard stories about travelers being swindled or worse, in the rough and tumble taverns that dotted the outskirts of many forests.
He took a deep breath and pushed open the door to the tavern, stepping inside. The room was dimly lit, with smoke and the smell of ale hanging heavy in the air. Lirien’s eyes adjusted quickly, and he looked around the room, taking in the rough and weathered faces of the patrons who sat drinking and talking amongst themselves.
He approached the bar and took a seat, catching the eye of the bartender. “What can I get for ya, stranger?” the bartender asked, a gruff tone in his voice.
“Just a mug of ale and some information, if you please,” Lirien replied, his voice steady despite the nerves he felt.
The bartender nodded and poured him a mug of ale, sliding it across the counter. Lirien took a sip, savoring the bitter taste. He then turned to the bartender and asked, “I’m heading into the Forest, and I was hoping you might be able to tell me what I should expect.”
The bartender leaned in, his expression becoming serious. “You’ve got a bit of a journey ahead of you, that’s for sure. The Faeorn is a dangerous place, full of all manner of creatures and dangers. If you’re not careful, you’ll find yourself in a world of trouble. Best be on your guard, and don’t trust anyone who you don’t know well.”
“So what brought you out here anyways, especially being as young as you are?” The bartender couldn’t help but inquire about this curious child who’s entered his tavern. Lirien hesitated for a moment, wondering how much he should reveal about himself and his journey. But the bartender’s friendly demeanor put him at ease, and he found himself opening up and speaking passionately about his reasons for venturing into the Faeorn forest.
“I’ve always felt like I was meant for something greater,” Lirien began. “I want to learn more about the magic within me, and I’ve heard rumors that the Faeorn tribe has answers to my questions.” 
 The bartender had been working at the tavern for years, and had seen all sorts of travelers come and go. He listened to Lirien’s story with a mixture of caution and intrigue, and as the conversation went on, he seemed to warm up to the young man.
“You know, son,” the bartender said, leaning on the bar, “I’ve seen a lot of folks like you come through here, looking to explore the forest. Most of them don’t make it back.”
Lirien’s heart sank a little, but he held his ground, determined to see his journey through to the end. “I understand the risks, sir,” he said, “but I have to try. I need to know who I am, and where I come from.”
The bartender nodded, his eyes softening. “You’re a good kid, I can tell. And I want to help you. I have something that might make your journey a little easier.”
The bartender reached under the bar and pulled out a small, intricately carved wooden box. He placed it on the bar in front of Lirien, and gestured for him to open it. Inside, there was a small crystal, glowing with a soft light.
“This is a wayfinding crystal,” the bartender explained. “It will help guide you through the forest, and keep you moderately safe from harm. It’s a powerful tool, but use it wisely. It will only guide you as far as the Faeorn Temple, where you’ll find the answers you’re looking for.”
Lirien was stunned. He couldn’t believe that this stranger would help him so much, just because he was a good person. Perhaps Erevan was on to something after all. He thanked the bartender profusely, and pocketed the crystal, eager to start his journey into the forest.
As he stepped out of the tavern and into the shadow of the trees, Lirien felt a newfound sense of determination. He knew that the journey ahead of him was going to be long and dangerous, but he was ready. With the wayfinding crystal in his pocket, he felt like he could take on the world. And with a final deep breath, he stepped forward into the unknown.

Chapter 3: Into the Faeorn Forest
	With a deep breath, Lirien stepped into the dense Faeorn forest, his heart pounding with both excitement and fear. The waystone crystal, given to him by the bartender, glimmered softly in the sunlight filtering through the trees. He closed his eyes and focused, willing the crystal to guide him. Suddenly, it started to glow brighter, and Lirien felt a gentle pull in the direction the crystal was pointing.
He followed the pull, amazed at how the crystal seemed to be leading him deeper into the forest. The trees around him grew taller and taller, their branches reaching up towards the sky, and the underbrush grew thicker, making it difficult to see more than a few feet in front of him. The light from the crystal grew brighter as he approached what appeared to be a temple.
As he got closer, Lirien started to notice strange creatures lurking in the shadows. Some had multiple eyes, others had strange tentacles or wings, and still others had sharp teeth or claws. He realized that he was indeed in a dangerous place, but he was also filled with wonder at the beauty and diversity of the creatures that inhabited the Faeorn forest.
Lirien’s journey was just beginning, and he was eager to learn all that he could about the temple, the forest, and the strange creatures that called this place home. The light from the waystone crystal continued to lead him deeper into the unknown, and he was filled with a sense of adventure and wonder as he took his first steps into the heart of the Faeorn forest.
 The forest was thick with towering trees, and the ground was uneven with roots and rocks. He kept a careful eye out for any dangers that might lurk in the shadows.
 As Lirien walked deeper into the Faeorn forest, he suddenly found himself surrounded by a pack of sleek, agile creatures with razor-sharp claws and long, fluffy tails. At first, Lirien was afraid that they would attack him, but instead of attacking, they circled him curiously, sniffing and prodding at his boots. Lirien cautiously reached out his hand, and one of the creatures nuzzled his fingers, purring contentedly.
Lirien’s heart filled with joy at the thought of having a companion for the rest of his journey through the forest. For so long, he had been alone and scared, but now he had found a friend. As they walked together, Lirien laughed and played with the creature, feeling happier than he had in a long time. He decided to name his new companion “Nimble,” after the way it danced around him in the forest.
With Nimble by his side, Lirien felt more confident and less lonely on his journey. They explored the forest together, with Lirien learning about the different plants and creatures that lived there. Nimble was a natural guide, leading Lirien to hidden streams and waterfalls, and warning him of any dangers that lay ahead.
As they traveled deeper into the Faeorn forest, Lirien knew that he had found a true friend in Nimble. Together, they would face whatever challenges lay ahead, and Lirien felt grateful for the companionship of his new furry friend.
